# GDSC
this is the repo where you get all knowledge about GDSC


<h1> QUESTION ASKED IN GDSC FORM</h1>
<hr>
<ul>
 <li> <b>What is your motivation to run a Google Developer Student Club at your Institution?</b><br>
My motivation to run Google Developer Student Club at my College is my college student's hardwork in Developing new things using different technologies without even having much knowledge of Developer groups or communities in my college . I have been leading 200+ students in my college by taking webinars and events in my college. yes , i am a part of technical team member of ITIAN CLUB of my college.here we organise technical enjoyable events . the students of any department can take part in it and get the benefit and earn winning prizes as per event. here, we also organise workshops on various modern technologies example we organise 3 days free workshop of figma. if i will be the part of GDSC we will able to grow network and we organise these such events and workshop in another nearby colleges also. as I believe in peer-to-peer learning.Since, i can't able to provide full guidance and opportunity to my hardworking college students due to lack of Developer group memebers in my college. So for giving them guidance and opportunity and want to create developer enviornment to my college student's I want to be DSC member from my college.</li><hr>
 <li><b>What is your experience in leading a project or a team?</b><br>
As, i was also the part of ROBOSO SOCIETY in our college.here , we organise workshops and webinars on robotics and machine learning.The major challenge was covid time.In covid time when all the colleges were closed that was challenging time because in college auditorium more than 500 students can attend events and webinars but due to lockdown in covid time we used to organize events in online mode using google meet and zoom . But , organizing webinars and events in online mode we have faced a lot of challenges because our outreach to the students was very less so in online mode and also google meet can accomodate only 100 participants at a time.</li><hr>
 <li><b>What technology do you find most interesting and why? What is your experience with this technology?</b><br>
 In developer technology , I am interested in web technology with some frameworks like codeigniter and MEAN stack . i have good knowledge of data structure with their codes . it found to be more interesting because being a coder i improve my thinking to get best solution of every problem. i also think about worst cases of every situation and brutforce solution then after analysing i am able to find the best solution and i think web technology is very vast now a days . so after find the solution of problem , to provide my solution to end users web is important part. As,In my college few number of students know about the competitive programming and data structure. if i will be GDSC i will must organise events on it so, students can relate problems in real life and find best solution to it by peer-to-peer learning As a solved number of question in gfg platform and make some projects related to web technology we can first provide knowledge to everyone by organise workshops twice in a week and will all do project which is solving real life problem by contributing. our academic explore technology by organise workshops in labs. in our campus we have provided with free wifi student login so, everyone here, by gethering do work on single goal project</li>
</ul><hr>
